1.0 Introduction 

	1.1 Purpose 

The purpose of this document is to describe the Wandering the Woods game. 

This game was designed to teach a wide array of age ranges skills for problem solving.  This software was designed so students can grow mentally with the software and are able to choose ascending difficulties as they progress in age and grade.  The difficulty and interaction with the Woods game will change and mature as the student does with dynamic difficulty settings that are able to be chosen at the beginning of the game. 

1,2 Wandering the Woods Game 

The Wandering the woods game is an interactive experience designed for two players to work cooperatively.  By alternating turns at the same machine with mouse clicks to move their unique players STudents can work together to reach the conclusion. 

2.0 Process Model 

Since analyses and testing are straightforward Th the uses a waterfall process model 

Communication --> Planning --> Modeling --> Construction --> Deployment 

This allows for easy understanding and planning.  The size of Wandering the Woods allows for compact organization and allows for optimum planning. 

3.0 Use Cases. 

	3.1 K2 

Primary Actor(s): K2 students 

Preconditions:  The game has been started and students assigned players 

Description: I want Students to work cooperatively to achieve a common goal to while communicating to each other. 

Acceptance criteria: Students have solved the problem and found each other in the woods. 

	3.2 3-5 

Primary Actor(s): 3-5 students 

Preconditions:  The game has been started and students assigned players 

Description: I want Students to work cooperatively to achieve a common goal.  At this setting I want students to overcome slightly harder difficulty resulting in more required communication and problem-solving skills. 

Acceptance criteria: Students have solved the problem and found each other in the woods. 

3.0 Use Cases. 

	3.3 6-8 

Primary Actor(s): 6-8 students 

Preconditions:  The game has been started and students assigned players 

Description: I want Students to work cooperatively to achieve a common goal.  This will be the maximum difficulty students will require greater problem-solving skills and cooperation. 

Acceptance criteria: Students have solved the problem and found each other in the woods. 

	 

 
